we thought if we wanted to build a
better electric fatbike what would be
some of our most must-have features
dependable tires
the top-of-the-line derailleur powerful
smart motor
high-end accessories
reliable components
hydraulic brakes
a backlit multifunction display
a battery that lasts longer
so you built
introducing the AYGO fatbike the
ultimate electric pathway with over
eight years of experience in the ebike
industry we have developed a bike geared
for North America in North America built
to handle any terrain combined with mid
drive technology the mid-drive motor
will help you overcome any obstacle
traveled further faster and will make
you feel energized we mounted the
battery on the frame using an innovative
side mounting mechanism that eliminates
any annoying rattling and locks the
battery to the bike firmly and securely
we also built it with 12 amp our
Panasonic cells which is higher than the
industry average the unique frame was
designed using 6061 hydroformed lumen
and tubing on was built for strength
agility and durability the electric
assistance only turns on when you pedal
there is no throttle the harder you
pedal the more power it gives
the multifunction backlit display you
can manually adjust the 10 pedal assist
levels of the motor for on-demand power
we have partnered up with some of the
biggest names in the business to offer
the highest quality components from the
names you trust with the AYGO fatbike
the future is electric hi I'm Matt and
I'm Zack and we'd like to introduce you
to our new I go fat bike by combining
these innovations in our bike we not
only surpassed our expectations but our
limitations as well any rider regardless
of age experience or physical shape can
try something new and go on an adventure
they never thought possible
every test ride resulted in the same
full smile in question where can I get
one so we decided if we were gonna be
building a bike for North America and
needed to be built in North America so
this bike will be assembled quality
controlled and packaged in our facility
in Montreal Canada
this is where you come in Kickstarter's
we have invested heavily into the R&D
and prototyping of these bikes to ensure
they are perfected before they hit the
market our final designs have been
approved and our suppliers are standing
by we need your help to set up our new
assembly facility and to create our
first production run please help us
bring our first Canadian designed and
built electric bike to your doorstep we
appreciate all of your support and we
can't wait to get you riding soon